[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Davide asked
an interesting question.
We're not using Redux to basically
address our routing and that's true.
We're using React router instead
of address or routing but
you can interference with do it.
Actually the abstraction makes more sense
to me to have Redux handle your routing.
And what they actually do is,
I think it's called Redux React Router,
is the name of the library.
It's maintained by the same team that
does both React Router and Redux.
The difference being is that, you fire
Redux actions to be able to change routes.
But, what that really is doing,
it's a thin layer on top of react router.
So, it's actually react router
still doing all of your routing.
There is just like a kind of
a pass through using Redux.
And if that makes more sense to you, to
be honest it makes more sense to me than
go off and and do that, you're welcome to.
They end up being pretty
similar in any way.
So, that's a good question.
Any other questions before
we move on to Redux tools?
>> Brian Holt: All right,
feeling pretty good about that.
Just like we had react tools,
we're going to use Redux tools.
So go ahead and Google search for
Redux dev tools.
>> Brian Holt: And there should be,
I believe this one is actually only
on Chrome, this one right here.
>> Brian Holt: Looks like
something like this, right?
Go ahead and add that to Chrome.
I know a Firefox's is on their roadmap,
it's just not there yet
so, sorry about that.
Okay.
Unfortunately, the Dev Tools
in Redux are not quite free.
Remember we were talking about Middleware,
so you actually have to give
Redux a Middleware to be able to
hook into the Redux.
So that's what we're
gonna go do real quick.
Is we're going to go to our store
>> Brian Holt: .JSX
>> Brian Holt: And
here we're going to make our create
store a little bit more complicated.
But keep in mind like for production code,
this is actually all you need and
the other thing is you actually
don't want to ship out Redux dev
tools to everyone cuz it slows Redux down
ever so slightly for no good reason.
So here we're going to do rootReducer,
we're going to do initialState,
and then we're going to do redux.compose.
>> Brian Holt: And you're going to
ask me what does redux.compose do and
what is everything doing here.
To be totally transparent and honest,
not super sure what's going on here.
This is literally I just copied and
pasted from the docs to get this to work.
[COUGH] My conjecture here is that
>> Brian Holt: You're
composing multiple middlewares together.
It's essentially what you're doing.
So first thing you're gonna do is we're
eventually going to be get
to universal rendering.
I think it's actually
literally right after this.
No we're going to do tests then
we're gonna do universal rendering.
>> Brian Holt: Actually maybe we'll do
universal rendering first because I have
a lot of stuff to cover and
not enough time.
So we're going to do the typeof
window.devtoolExtension is
not equal to undefined
>> Brian Holt: Question mark,
this is the turn area.
window.devTool extension
execute otherwise F.
>> Brian Holt: So again this is
actually just what I copied out the,
not exactly sure what all this is doing
but suffice to say I just copy and
paste it out of the docs, good enough.
>> Brian Holt: So this is basically
exposing some hooks to Redux dev
tools to be able to use.
>> Brian Holt: So go ahead and save that.
That's it, that's all that you have to do.
And they have Chrome dev tools.
If you've been like me and been using
just the file protocol to do this,
Redux dev tools actually do require
that you do have an HTTP server running.
So just to recap here,
I'm gonna split my terminal here.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna go to my project,
which is talks/bundler/complete project.
Okay, and then here I did
an npm install --g http-server.
I already have it, so
I'm not gonna install it.
I'm gonna do http-server
-p8080./.
So that'll get me my server running.
Okay, and to come over here to here and
I'm gonna say local host 8080.
>> Brian Holt: Okay so
it should be relatively the same thing.
I might have broken all my images, but
we'll see about that in just a sec.
No I didn't, good job Brian.
Okay, no favicon.
Don't care.
So, let's go do some Redux debugging now.
So you can do one of two places
you can do it here and Redux.
This should work?
Yep.
You can also do up here.
That works too.
Either one of those fine.
I'm going to use it up here
because I think it'll be easier.
So I'm gonna close this and use this.
So there's an app at in it.
That's what the action that
Redux fires to be able to
see, sorry,
in order to initiate your Redux store.
And there's a bunch of
different tools here.
I'm going to switch over here to
the left so I can see my search box.
And we're going to switch to S video.
And there's also some
settings here you can change.
Right now I'm using inspect monitor.
You can also use chart monitor.
There's a bunch of these
different monitors.
What I want actually wanna use,
I wanna use the chart monitors.
Actually, I do wanna use this one.
>> Brian Holt: And I'm gonna type here,
so I'm gonna type House right here.
Okay.
Come back here and I can see all
the actions that I fired, right, so
started with h H O H U H U S E.
But let's see some why this is compelling.
So one it's interesting to see your
actions and everything you're firing.
But now I can start pretending I didn't
fire off these actions by disabling them.
And I can disable and re-enable these
actions which is pretty compelling, right?
This is called time traveling debugging.
So I can go backwards and forwards in
time to see exactly what happened and
that's actually let's see
what that really looks like.
That's not what I wanted.
Come here to settings.
I want this to be bottom
monitor to be slider monitor.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now I'm gonna do this,
go to the bottom one.
>> Brian Holt: What are you doing?
I want my slider.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe it's log monitor.
I get so confused, which ones which.
>> Brian Holt: Bottom one.
Nope, still the wrong one.
>> Brian Holt: Anyway.
>> Brian Holt: So this is one of the other
monitors right here you can see all
the different actions and
like the different times between them.
And you can actually inspect each
one of them you can see what
the action looks like.
Right.
Value type, right?
What that actually looked like.
What the diff was, right?
So, I went from ho to hou, and
what the current state is.
>> Brian Holt: So hopefully you're
seeing why this is compelling.
Basically, you can enable and
disable actions to see how your
state is evolving over time.
That's really powerful because if you
have some complex bug that steps through
a bunch of state to be able to get where
you were you can start like enabling and
disabling these different actions
to see what's actually happening.
I'm really frustrated I can't
get the slider one to work.
>> Brian Holt: Maybe you have to close it.
I don't know.
Try again.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
This is what I wanted to see.
So now I can say house right.
But now I can actually like time
travel which is kind of fun, right.
So I can step backwards and
forwards through my different, like look
at just the search bar up here, right.
You can see the letters
being taken out and put in.
Now if that doesn't impress you,
I don't know what will because
it's super impressive to me.
>> Brian Holt: Right, you can
actually click the Play button, and
it'll show you what happened over time.
Come on, pretty cool.
>> Speaker 2: Does that match
the time setting to the [CROSSTALK]
>> Brian Holt: I think so, let's try.
So let's refresh the page
to get a look at.
So I'm gonna so type kim really
fast late at the second and my.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, it doesn't.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, still.
>> Brian Holt: Still that
would be pretty cool.
You should make a pull request.
[LAUGH]
So
while this is only available as
a Chrome extension in Chrome.
Luckily the team as actually just
exposed this as a node NPM module,
so you can actually just build your
debugger straight into the web page.
And then, if you have it like embedded in
your iPhone app you can actually debug get
straight on the iPhone app just
using native reactor views as well
That's a possibility.
I just like the Chrome extension
because it's super easy.
I don't have to add any code, well very
little code to my app and it just works.
But if you want to be able
to use the debug monitors,
that's what they're called,
is monitors, in weird places,
well, we could use it on our TVs right,
because we're running JavaScript to show,
like on your PS4 right?
That's just react in JavaScript there,
so you could do it there as well.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions
about the Redux Dev Tools?
There's a lot more to
the Redux Dev Tools and
I'll let you kind of toy around
with them on your own time.
Suffice to say that they're
pretty impressive, I think.